Get lost before it's our time
Is it right, hahahaha?
Hahahaha
Three years, you're crazy.
It seems that this shrew was hit too hard
Get carried away
Sang Ning Song Lang is a new dog in the capital
It is the person I want to support in Jinguo Kung Fu
To hit him is to hit my Jinguo Kung Fu in the face
If you talk nonsense
I'll fight with you.
The ignorant are fearless
Somebody take him down for me
Let go of me let go of me
Let go of me!
Obviously he dared to hit me
My slave will be a slave forever
Song Lang, you listen to you
Beat him to death
Finally break the bones
See if he still has the backbone
No, I can't wait anymore.
Di Qiang, if you don't take action, I will take action. Don't panic.
The adults' banquet heard the door open
How did it go?
Angry, call me when you come
Stop
I'll see who dares to touch him